Week 1 - 28/09/2023:
This week I have design and implemented the interface for the Sudoku page on the website. It contains the sudoku grid which 
is currently hardcoded and also buttons for the numbers which is used to fill the grid. I have also done some research on 
constraint solvers and the basics of machine vision. 
Next I will complete the web page for killer Sudoku and then start work on building a constraint solver for Sudoku.


Week 2 - 03/10/2023:
This week I have completed the the web design for the killer sudoku page on the website. Now both sudoku and killer sudoku can be played.
I have added some more styling to the web page to it's nicer to look at. In addition I have set up some classes for sudoku and killer Sudoku
so the grids and cages can now be stored in objects.
Next I will start work on the constraint solver for both types of puzzles using backtracking. 


Week 2 - 07/10/2023:
Since the last update I have implemented a simple solver for both sudoku and Killer sudoku which using backtracking and node consistency to
reduce the domain space for the cells. 
Next, I will implemented value order heuristic to both the solvers and see if and how they improve the solvers and then start working on the
report for these sections.


Week 3 - 12/1-/2023:
This week I have implemented value order heuristics for both the solvers by created a priority queue and choose the next cell to guess based 
on which cell has the smallest domain space. 
Next week I will write the report for the constraint solver section and being work on machine vision for sudoku. 


Week 4 - 17/10/2023:
This week I have finished writing the constraint solver section with the different algorithms used within it in my report as well as my 
how I implemented the sudoku solver. In addition I have started the section on the killer sudoku solver.
Next, I will start working on the machine vision and complete the report for killer sudoku


Week 4 - 22/10/2023:
This week I have begun working on the machine vision for killer Sudoku. I have implemented code which isolates the puzzle within an image and
then extract each cell within the puzzle. I have also finished the section in my report on the killer sudoku solver and also on the data
structures I have used to create the solvers. 
Next, I will work on a machine learning model which will classify images containing numbers.  


Week 5 - 29/10/2023:
This week I have finished the implementation of the machine vision including the machine learning code and I have started work on integrating 
the machine vision code in the frontend. 
Next I will work on the frontend to integrate the machine vision into the frontend and write a section in the report for machine vision and the
frontend design.


Week 6 - 02/10/2023:
This week I have integrating the machine vision code into the frontend. I have also started to test the frontend through the use of selenium.
So far I have fully tested the current play sudoku and the home pages. I have partially tested the killer sudoku page. 
Next, I will work on finishing of the frontend testing, work on adding a section on machine vision and also try to fix the machine vision code 
give better results.  